Add content from community doc PR:1071 (#197)
rancher/longhorn-product-docs: docs/version-1.7.0/modules/en/pages/volumes/backing-images/backing-images.adoc

:experimental:
:current-version: {page-component-version}

{longhorn-product-name} natively supports backing images.

> A QCOW2 or RAW image can be set as the backing/base image of a {longhorn-product-name} volume, which allows {longhorn-product-name} to be integrated with a VM like https://github.com/rancher/harvester[Harvester].

Reviewer: I know you only meant to replace the product names with variables, but we might as well correct glaring errors in these files. First, Harvester is a solution, not a VM. Second, the repository is `harvester/harvester`.

> A QCOW2 or RAW image can be set as the backing/base image of a {longhorn-product-name} volume, which allows {longhorn-product-name} to be integrated with a VM like https://github.com/rancher/harvester[Harvester].

Author: Great observation Jillian. Thank you. I did not. know this about Harvester.

> A QCOW2 or RAW image can be set as the backing/base image of a {longhorn-product-name} volume, which allows {longhorn-product-name} to be integrated with a VM like https://github.com/rancher/harvester[Harvester].

Reviewer: Sorry, I just realized that we should be using SUSE Virtualization instead of Harvester.

> A QCOW2 or RAW image can be set as the backing/base image of a {longhorn-product-name} volume, which allows {longhorn-product-name} to be integrated with a virtualization solution such as https://github.com/harvester/harvester[Harvester].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A QCOW2 or RAW image can be set as the backing/base image of a {longhorn-product-name} volume, which allows {longhorn-product-name} to be integrated with a virtualization solution such as https://www.suse.com/products/rancher/virtualization[{harvester-product-name}].
```
